# Rbne
doi:  10.3934/nhm.2023068
n current IM research, heuristic models are commonly used, but they often fail to consider the potential benefits that may come from incorporating network representation learning (network embedding of deep learnings) techniques. Moreover, current research utilizing representation learning techniques overlooks the importance of global user role features. To advance the field of IM research, it is essential to investigate the impact of user role characteristics and their corresponding representations on the effectiveness of IM algorithms.

This paper presents a novel solution to the IM problem by proposing a network embedding algorithm that incorporates three kinds of user role information. The proposed method, referred to as RbNE, aims to leverage the benefits of network embedding to capture the similarities between users' global roles. To accomplish this, RbNE projects nodes into a fixed-dimensional space, where each node is represented as a low-dimensional vector that retains both structure and user role information. Based on the resulting embedding vectors, a new logical propagation network is constructed, and a heuristic greedy algorithm is proposed to select k nodes as the seed set. We conducted extensive experiments on four real-world datasets to demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over state-of-the-art solutions. Our experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms existing methods in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. All the codes are publicly available online for follow-up research by all the researchers.
